Some thoughts on how we should approach some current issues unless a better solution presents itself.

Problem 1: Mirroring of Tx data on the Rx side because we are only using a single antenna.

Possible solution:

	1. First packet in any frame will always be packet 0 and will always contain a character to show where it came from for the following sequence of 			packets. 
		a. If the direction identifier is equal to the origin identifier then flush the message sink attached to the Rx side as this data is a 				mirror of the data sent by that station.
		b. if the direction identifier is not equal to the origin identifier, this means data from another source and we need to keep it and not 				flush the message sink queue.
	
Problem 2: Determining when Auto T/R has finished and in receive mode.

Possible solution:
	
	1. Have an end of frame packet that tells both the air and the ground that the USRP is finished sending data, once we see that packet in the 			received message sink queue, we will know that all data is through the USRP transmit path and we can now wait for a data transmission from 			the air.
		a. This means we don't flush the queue until we see that the count is at its maximum value. We will need to come up with some logic to make 				this work correctly.
	2. In the air, the plane can see when to switch to transmit mode since the last packet received will tell the plane that the ground is done 			transmitting.

I am planning on implementing a Packet Decoder in the flow graph generated by grc. I think it will be much easier doing it there before it ever gets to the message sink. If the entire payload is dropped into the queue, then its easier to reassemble the message whereas if it is a list of single length items that has to be joined, it could potentially reach into the tens of thousands of characters that have to be joined together at the end. Also this joining of string characters may screw up any data for a jpeg.

I need feedback on this stuff as I need to think more about what it means from here on out.
