This file details an example handshaking between two USRPs using this controller. The purpose of this
file is to give an example on the actual functionality required of the system so that there are no
misconceptions about how this controller should operate. It is a guide to programming the actual 
controller and also give guidance as to the purpose of choices made and to have documentation on
how a sample handshaking occurs.

The numbers refer to the order in which things will happen between points A and B. If a number appears
in both lists, it means that that action is happening simultaneously at both systems (or should be.)



	Point A								Point B

1. Packetize outside data for transmission.				1. Go into Receive mode.
2. Transmit packets over USRP.						2. Receive Frame.
3. Once all payloads are queued, return True.				3. Once condition of all payloads received, check list for missing packets.
4. Overall controller sends txrxcontroller into receive mode.		5. Transmit a response to Point A about status of received packets.
										a. If missing at least 1 packet then respond with: 'IN' for incomplete
											transmission. This response will have two packets total, a frame 
											packet and a data packet which will contain a list of indexes
											referring to the packets that were lost in the original transmission.
										b. If not missing any packets, respond with 'TC' meaning Transmission Complete.
											i. If this condition is met, return the data to the overall controller
												and await function call.
6. Receive response frame.
	a. If 'IN' transmit missing packets with a frame event
		'PR' to denote Packet Resend.
	b. If 'TC' then return True to overall controller.
7. In the event this frame loses packets, repeat 6 (a,b)		6. Receive mode.
										a. Receieve mode to receive missing packets.
										b. Return Data to overall controller.
									7. In the event still missing packets, repeat 3, 5 (a,b), 6 (a,b), 7 until done.	
